README.md, before:

## Business Statistics, Winter 2026

<!-- ![Booth Logo](/booth_logo.png) -->

<img src="https://tyliang.github.io/BUS41000/booth_logo.png" width="374"/>

### Instructor
[**Tengyuan Liang**](https://www.chicagobooth.edu/faculty/directory/l/tengyuan-liang), firstname.lastname@chicagobooth.edu                      
JP Gan Professor of Econometrics and Statistics, and Applied AI

### TAs
<!-- [**Walter Zhang**](mailto:walterwzhang@chicagobooth.edu), (Doctoral Candidate, Quant Marketing), walterwzhang@chicagobooth.edu -->

[**Wenxuan Guo**](mailto:wxguo@chicagobooth.edu), wxguo@chicagobooth.edu                        
Doctoral Candidate, Econometrics and Statistics

### Syllabus
[**Syllabus**](Syllabus.pdf)

### Lecture Notes

[**Section 1**](Lecture/Section1_Updated.pdf)

[**Section 2**](Lecture/Section2_Updated.pdf)

[**Section 3**](Lecture/Section3_Updated.pdf)

[**Section 4**](Lecture/Section4.pdf)

[**Section 5**](Lecture/Section5.pdf)

<!-- [Week 10, Bonus]() -->

[Key Points](Review.txt)

### Practice Exam

[Practice Midterm](Homework/practice_midterm.pdf), [Practice Solution](Homework/practice_midterm_solution.pdf)

[Practice Final](Homework/practice_final.pdf), [Practice Solution](Homework/practice_final_solution.pdf)

<!-- [Midterm Statistics](Homework/Midterm_hist.jpeg), [Midterm Solution](Homework/Midterm-Fall21-Solution.pdf) -->

<!--
[Final Solution](Homework/Final-Fall18-sol.pdf) -->

### Homework

[**Homework 1**](Homework/HW1.pdf), [Solution 1](Homework/HW1_sol.pdf)

[**Homework 2**](Homework/HW2.pdf), [Solution 2](Homework/HW2_sol.pdf)

[**Homework 3**](Homework/HW3.pdf), [Hint for Homework 3](Homework/HW3_hint.zip)
<!-- , [Solution 3](Homework/HW3_sol.pdf), [Solution Q1 and Q2 in R](Homework/HW3-TA.pdf), [Q1 in Excel](Homework/Question1.xlsx), [Q2 in Excel](Homework/Question2.xlsx) -->

[**Homework 4**](Homework/HW4.pdf)
<!-- , [Solution 4](Homework/HW4_sol.pdf) -->

[**Homework 5**](Homework/HW5.pdf)
<!-- , [Solution 5](Homework/HW5_sol.pdf) -->

[**Homework 6**](Homework/HW6.pdf)
<!-- , [Solution 6](Homework/HW6_sol.pdf) -->

[**Homework 7**](Homework/HW7.pdf)
<!-- , [Solution 7](Homework/HW7_sol.pdf) -->

[**Homework 8**](Homework/HW8.pdf)
<!-- , [Solution 8](Homework/HW8_sol.pdf) -->

Questions about the homework can be posted to the Canvas Discussion section. TAs will answer
them within 24-48 hrs during weekdays. I recommend everyone to do *all the homework*.


### R Scripts (optional)

[*Dummies and Interactions*](Lecture/dummy.pdf)

[*Bitcoin as Digital Gold?*](Rscript/download_bitcoin_vs_SP500_data.R)

[*Gold Hedges Market Risk*](Rscript/download_gold_vs_SP500_data.R)

[*SLR and MLR*](Lecture/Apple_Intel_Safeway.pdf) 

[*Annual Return*](Lecture/AnnualReturn.html), [*Hint for Discussion*](Lecture/AnnualReturn-Student-File.zip)

[*Stock Hedge*](Lecture/StockHedge.html)

[Section 1](Rscript/Section1.R)

[Section 2](Rscript/Section2.R)

[Section 3](Rscript/Section3.R)

[Section 4](Rscript/Section4.R)

[Section 5](Rscript/Section5.R)



### Datasets

[Bitcoin Data](Datasets/bitcoin_sp500_data.csv)

[Gold Data](Datasets/gold_sp500_data.csv)

[Shock Absorber Data](Datasets/shock.csv)

[Apple, Intel, Safeway Data](Datasets/Apple_Intel_Safeway.xls)

[Profits](Datasets/Profits.csv)

[Zagat](Datasets/zagat.csv)

[Baseball](Datasets/RunsPerGame.csv)

[Orion Bus](Datasets/Orion.xls)

[Beauty](Datasets/BeautyData.csv)

[Mid City](Datasets/MidCity.csv)

[Salary Data](Datasets/SalaryData.xls)

[S&P 500 cleaned](Datasets/SP500.csv)






### Other Fun Statistics

[Seeing Theory](https://seeing-theory.brown.edu/)

[FiveThirtyEight article](http://fivethirtyeight.com/features/why-fivethirtyeight-gave-trump-a-better-chance-than-almost-anyone-else/)

[COVID-19 prevalence rate](https://www.nih.gov/news-events/news-releases/nih-study-suggests-covid-19-prevalence-far-exceeded-early-pandemic-cases)

Simpson's Paradox: [video1](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ebEkn-BiW5k), [video2](https://www.youtube.com/watch?time_continue=9&v=E_ME4P9fQbo)

Guessing Correlation: [wiki](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Guess_the_Correlation), [game](http://guessthecorrelation.com/)

[Spurious Correlation](http://www.tylervigen.com/spurious-correlations)

[Demonstration of Normal Approximation/CLT](https://gallery.shinyapps.io/CLT_mean/), [and more](https://openintro.shinyapps.io/CLT_prop/)
 
[Demonstration of Confidence Interval](https://shiny.rit.albany.edu/stat/confidence/)

[Chicago Booth Review Article](http://review.chicagobooth.edu/economics/2016/video/why-cant-we-close-gender-gap)

[XKCD, hypothesis testing, can you get the point?](https://xkcd.com/882/)

[Zillow's iBuying failure](https://www.gsb.stanford.edu/insights/flip-flop-why-zillows-algorithmic-home-buying-venture-imploded)

[AI? Not yet](https://medium.com/@mijordan3/artificial-intelligence-the-revolution-hasnt-happened-yet-5e1d5812e1e7)

[Moneyball](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yGf6LNWY9AI)

[Simple Linear Regression App, play!](https://gallery.shinyapps.io/simple_regression/)

[XKCD, slope hypothesis testing, can you figure out why?](https://xkcd.com/2533/)










<!-- You can use the [editor on GitHub](https://github.com/tyliang/BUS41000/edit/master/README.md) to maintain and preview the content for your website in Markdown files.

Whenever you commit to this repository, GitHub Pages will run [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/) to rebuild the pages in your site, from the content in your Markdown files.

### Markdown

Markdown is a lightweight and easy-to-use syntax for styling your writing. It includes conventions for

```markdown
Syntax highlighted code block

# Header 1
## Header 2
### Header 3

- Bulleted
- List

1. Numbered
2. List

**Bold** and _Italic_ and `Code` text

[Link](url) and ![Image](src)
```

```r
# Generate 5000 worlds, each simulate 20 years
returns = matrix(rnorm(n = 5000*20, mean = 6, sd = 15),
                 nrow = 5000, ncol=20)/100
total_wealth = apply(1+returns, 1, prod)
# Plotting
d = density(total_wealth)
plot(d, xlab="total wealth in $", ylab = "density",
      main = "Total wealth in 20 years", xlim = c(0,20))
abline(v = mean(total_wealth), col = 'red', lty=2)
abline(v = median(total_wealth), col = 'blue', lty=2)
legend("topright",
  legend = c(paste("mean ", round(mean(total_wealth),2)),
        paste("median ", round(median(total_wealth),2))),
       col = c('red', 'blue'), lty = c(2,2))
```


For more details see [GitHub Flavored Markdown](https://guides.github.com/features/mastering-markdown/).

### Jekyll Themes

Your Pages site will use the layout and styles from the Jekyll theme you have selected in your [repository settings](https://github.com/tyliang/BUS41000/settings). The name of this theme is saved in the Jekyll `_config.yml` configuration file.

### Support or Contact

Having trouble with Pages? Check out our [documentation](https://help.github.com/categories/github-pages-basics/) or [contact support](https://github.com/contact) and we’ll help you sort it out. -->

Commit message:

Update instructor info and homework links
add solution/supporting file links for Homework 3 and add Solution 4 link for Homework 4 in the README, and update the Syllabus.pdf binary.

README.md, after:

## Business Statistics, Winter 2026

<!-- ![Booth Logo](/booth_logo.png) -->

<img src="https://tyliang.github.io/BUS41000/booth_logo.png" width="374"/>

### Instructor
[**Tengyuan Liang**](https://www.chicagobooth.edu/faculty/directory/l/tengyuan-liang), firstname.lastname@chicagobooth.edu                      
JP Gan Professor of Econometrics and Statistics, and Applied AI in the Wallman Society of Fellows

### TAs
<!-- [**Walter Zhang**](mailto:walterwzhang@chicagobooth.edu), (Doctoral Candidate, Quant Marketing), walterwzhang@chicagobooth.edu -->

[**Wenxuan Guo**](mailto:wxguo@chicagobooth.edu), wxguo@chicagobooth.edu                        
Doctoral Candidate, Econometrics and Statistics

### Syllabus
[**Syllabus**](Syllabus.pdf)

### Lecture Notes

[**Section 1**](Lecture/Section1_Updated.pdf)

[**Section 2**](Lecture/Section2_Updated.pdf)

[**Section 3**](Lecture/Section3_Updated.pdf)

[**Section 4**](Lecture/Section4.pdf)

[**Section 5**](Lecture/Section5.pdf)

<!-- [Week 10, Bonus]() -->

[Key Points](Review.txt)

### Practice Exam

[Practice Midterm](Homework/practice_midterm.pdf), [Practice Solution](Homework/practice_midterm_solution.pdf)

[Practice Final](Homework/practice_final.pdf), [Practice Solution](Homework/practice_final_solution.pdf)

<!-- [Midterm Statistics](Homework/Midterm_hist.jpeg), [Midterm Solution](Homework/Midterm-Fall21-Solution.pdf) -->

<!--
[Final Solution](Homework/Final-Fall18-sol.pdf) -->

### Homework

[**Homework 1**](Homework/HW1.pdf), [Solution 1](Homework/HW1_sol.pdf)

[**Homework 2**](Homework/HW2.pdf), [Solution 2](Homework/HW2_sol.pdf)

[**Homework 3**](Homework/HW3.pdf), [Hint for Homework 3](Homework/HW3_hint.zip), [Solution 3](Homework/HW3_sol.pdf), [Solution Q1 and Q2 in R](Homework/HW3-TA.pdf), [Q1 in Excel](Homework/Question1.xlsx), [Q2 in Excel](Homework/Question2.xlsx)

[**Homework 4**](Homework/HW4.pdf), [Solution 4](Homework/HW4_sol.pdf)

[**Homework 5**](Homework/HW5.pdf)
<!-- , [Solution 5](Homework/HW5_sol.pdf) -->

[**Homework 6**](Homework/HW6.pdf)
<!-- , [Solution 6](Homework/HW6_sol.pdf) -->

[**Homework 7**](Homework/HW7.pdf)
<!-- , [Solution 7](Homework/HW7_sol.pdf) -->

[**Homework 8**](Homework/HW8.pdf)
<!-- , [Solution 8](Homework/HW8_sol.pdf) -->

Questions about the homework can be posted to the Canvas Discussion section. TAs will answer
them within 24-48 hrs during weekdays. I recommend everyone to do *all the homework*.


### R Scripts (optional)

[*Dummies and Interactions*](Lecture/dummy.pdf)

[*Bitcoin as Digital Gold?*](Rscript/download_bitcoin_vs_SP500_data.R)

[*Gold Hedges Market Risk*](Rscript/download_gold_vs_SP500_data.R)

[*SLR and MLR*](Lecture/Apple_Intel_Safeway.pdf) 

[*Annual Return*](Lecture/AnnualReturn.html), [*Hint for Discussion*](Lecture/AnnualReturn-Student-File.zip)

[*Stock Hedge*](Lecture/StockHedge.html)

[Section 1](Rscript/Section1.R)

[Section 2](Rscript/Section2.R)

[Section 3](Rscript/Section3.R)

[Section 4](Rscript/Section4.R)

[Section 5](Rscript/Section5.R)



### Datasets

[Bitcoin Data](Datasets/bitcoin_sp500_data.csv)

[Gold Data](Datasets/gold_sp500_data.csv)

[Shock Absorber Data](Datasets/shock.csv)

[Apple, Intel, Safeway Data](Datasets/Apple_Intel_Safeway.xls)

[Profits](Datasets/Profits.csv)

[Zagat](Datasets/zagat.csv)

[Baseball](Datasets/RunsPerGame.csv)

[Orion Bus](Datasets/Orion.xls)

[Beauty](Datasets/BeautyData.csv)

[Mid City](Datasets/MidCity.csv)

[Salary Data](Datasets/SalaryData.xls)

[S&P 500 cleaned](Datasets/SP500.csv)






### Other Fun Statistics

[Seeing Theory](https://seeing-theory.brown.edu/)

[FiveThirtyEight article](http://fivethirtyeight.com/features/why-fivethirtyeight-gave-trump-a-better-chance-than-almost-anyone-else/)

[COVID-19 prevalence rate](https://www.nih.gov/news-events/news-releases/nih-study-suggests-covid-19-prevalence-far-exceeded-early-pandemic-cases)

Simpson's Paradox: [video1](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ebEkn-BiW5k), [video2](https://www.youtube.com/watch?time_continue=9&v=E_ME4P9fQbo)

Guessing Correlation: [wiki](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Guess_the_Correlation), [game](http://guessthecorrelation.com/)

[Spurious Correlation](http://www.tylervigen.com/spurious-correlations)

[Demonstration of Normal Approximation/CLT](https://gallery.shinyapps.io/CLT_mean/), [and more](https://openintro.shinyapps.io/CLT_prop/)
 
[Demonstration of Confidence Interval](https://shiny.rit.albany.edu/stat/confidence/)

[Chicago Booth Review Article](http://review.chicagobooth.edu/economics/2016/video/why-cant-we-close-gender-gap)

[XKCD, hypothesis testing, can you get the point?](https://xkcd.com/882/)

[Zillow's iBuying failure](https://www.gsb.stanford.edu/insights/flip-flop-why-zillows-algorithmic-home-buying-venture-imploded)

[AI? Not yet](https://medium.com/@mijordan3/artificial-intelligence-the-revolution-hasnt-happened-yet-5e1d5812e1e7)

[Moneyball](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yGf6LNWY9AI)

[Simple Linear Regression App, play!](https://gallery.shinyapps.io/simple_regression/)

[XKCD, slope hypothesis testing, can you figure out why?](https://xkcd.com/2533/)










<!-- You can use the [editor on GitHub](https://github.com/tyliang/BUS41000/edit/master/README.md) to maintain and preview the content for your website in Markdown files.

Whenever you commit to this repository, GitHub Pages will run [Jekyll](https://jekyllrb.com/) to rebuild the pages in your site, from the content in your Markdown files.

### Markdown

Markdown is a lightweight and easy-to-use syntax for styling your writing. It includes conventions for

```markdown
Syntax highlighted code block

# Header 1
## Header 2
### Header 3

- Bulleted
- List

1. Numbered
2. List

**Bold** and _Italic_ and `Code` text

[Link](url) and ![Image](src)
```

```r
# Generate 5000 worlds, each simulate 20 years
returns = matrix(rnorm(n = 5000*20, mean = 6, sd = 15),
                 nrow = 5000, ncol=20)/100
total_wealth = apply(1+returns, 1, prod)
# Plotting
d = density(total_wealth)
plot(d, xlab="total wealth in $", ylab = "density",
      main = "Total wealth in 20 years", xlim = c(0,20))
abline(v = mean(total_wealth), col = 'red', lty=2)
abline(v = median(total_wealth), col = 'blue', lty=2)
legend("topright",
  legend = c(paste("mean ", round(mean(total_wealth),2)),
        paste("median ", round(median(total_wealth),2))),
       col = c('red', 'blue'), lty = c(2,2))
```


For more details see [GitHub Flavored Markdown](https://guides.github.com/features/mastering-markdown/).

### Jekyll Themes

Your Pages site will use the layout and styles from the Jekyll theme you have selected in your [repository settings](https://github.com/tyliang/BUS41000/settings). The name of this theme is saved in the Jekyll `_config.yml` configuration file.

### Support or Contact

Having trouble with Pages? Check out our [documentation](https://help.github.com/categories/github-pages-basics/) or [contact support](https://github.com/contact) and we’ll help you sort it out. -->
